# The-prediction-of-real-exoplanets-#
The idea is to create a machine learning model that can predict if an observation is a real exoplanet or not. The data was collected by the Kepler mission that revealed thousands of planets out of our Solar System. The purpose of this project is to build an algorithm to find planets out of the solar system in NASA Exoplanet Dataset. I use classic machine learning algorithms and TensorFlow to identify real exoplanets. This project involves two steps. The first step is to compare 7 classic machine learning algorithms using Accuracy and ROC Curves, Precision-Recall Curves, and Confusion Matrix. According to my first check, VotingClassifier had an accuracy of 92.4% and RandomForestClassifier had an accuracy of 92% for predicting real exoplanets. In the next step, Comparing 20 neural network models, I found that there is only a very slight difference in accuracy, which is 92%, but they have their own characteristics in terms of loss graphs. In addition, I noticed that the validation loss graph for model 4 shows a slight reduction in the 200th epoch, sometimes it is better to check higher epochs to see if there is another local minimum. In model 17, for example, there are two local minimums. The first one is around the 38th epoch, while the second is around the 350th epoch, although the first one has higher accuracy. The last point is that as layers and neurons are raised after local minima, the shapes of validation loss are extremely ascending and jagged, which indicates overfitting.
